[IAM] Multiple Policies + API support (#14882)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/scope.md

# Role scopes

> Scopes are one of the 3 constituent parts of a policy that allows granting of access to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scopes are one of three constituent parts of a policy that allows granting of access to users.

```

> In order to allow for flexible combinations of access to users, we currently have two types of scopes (Account and Domain), with different sets of roles for each. We are interested in expanding this list of scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow for flexible combinations of access to users, Cloudflare currently has two types of scopes (Account and Domain), with different sets of roles for each.
```
Removing the last line since we don't want to promise that we can add new roles until the work on it is more solidified.

---

> ## Choosing the scope of roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choose the scope of roles
```

> Each Policy has a limitation of a single scope, but you can assign multiple policies to a given user.
> You choose the scope of a policy when you [add a member](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/manage/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each policy has a limitation of a single scope, but you can assign multiple policies to a given user.

You can choose the scope of a policy when you [add a member](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/manage/).
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

You can only assign [account-scoped roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#account-scoped-roles) as part of these types of policies

{{</Aside>}}

### Specific Domains

If you want the member to have a policy that applies to a specific domain, use the following combination of fields. When applying these roles to this policy, only domain-scoped roles can be used.

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Operator | *Include* |
| Type | *A specific domain* |
| Name | the specific domain |

### Domain groups

> If you have a set of domains that are all categorized similarly (e.g. all of your sensitive/production domains, all domains around a given project or geography), you can pre-assign them into a domain group, and then create policies that provide access to all domains within this group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a set of domains that are all categorized similarly (e.g. all of your sensitive/production domains, all domains around a given project or geography), you can pre-assign them into a domain group and then create policies that provide access to all domains within this group.
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

You can only assign [account-scoped roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#account-scoped-roles) as part of these types of policies

{{</Aside>}}

### Specific Domains

If you want the member to have a policy that applies to a specific domain, use the following combination of fields. When applying these roles to this policy, only domain-scoped roles can be used.

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Operator | *Include* |
| Type | *A specific domain* |

> | Name | The specific domain. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name | *A specific domain* |
```
```suggestion
| Name | The specific domain. |
```
